[Agent Builder] initial support for conversation attachments (#240423)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/onechat/CONTRIBUTOR_GUIDE.md

```

Refer to [`AgentConfiguration`](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/x-pack/platform/packages/shared/onechat/onechat-common/agents/definition.ts)
for the full list of available configuration options.

## Registering attachment types

Attachments are used to provide additional context when conversing with an agent.

It is possible to register custom attachment types, to have control over how the data is exposed to the agent,
and how it is rendered in the UI.

### Server-side registration

Registering an attachment type can be done using the `attachments.registerType` API of the `onechat` plugin's setup contract.

```ts
class MyPlugin {
  setup(core: CoreSetup, { onechat }: { onechat: OnechatPluginSetup }) {
    onechat.attachments.registerType(myAttachmentDefinition);
  }
}
```

There are two main categories of attachment types:
- `inline`: attachment is self-contained, with the data attached to it.

> - `reference`: reference a persisted resource (e.g a dashboard, an alert, etc) by its id, and resolve it dynamically when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `reference`: reference a persisted resource (for example, a dashboard, an alert, etc) by its id, and resolve it dynamically when needed.
```
remove latinisms
